2nd Annual APF Halloween Monster Bench Bash
1 Nov 08 ? Eagle Nest, NM

BENCH
FEMALE
114 lbs. 
Masters 45-49
A. Lopez          		80
123 lbs.
Masters 45-49
J. Sanchez		90
148 lbs.
Open
A. Neill 		60
MALE
165
Teenage 14-15
C. Bustillos		115
MASTERS MEN
220 lbs. 
Masters 50-54
Todd Robinson		355 
BENCH
OPEN
220 lbs.
B. White		450
242 lbs.
T. Wright		475
275 lbs.
M. Alaniz		500
308 lbs.
D. Muckel		510


The Bodybuilding.com 2nd Annual APF Halloween Monster Bench Bash was held again at the Eagle Nest Village Community Center; Eagle Nest, New Mexico on Saturday, November 1st, 2008 and was another GREAT success.  This Annual Halloween Event is the most creative and unique haunted power event attraction hosted by High Peaks Barbell Club.

The stage was awesomely eerie as Halloween was definitely in the air with a graveyard look full of tombstones, ghost, and scary pumpkins for all to see.  High Peaks Barbell Club & ALR gave a mad shout out to all the lifters and The Laguna Vista for hosting our After Party!ÿ ALL Lifters got a free mega Hot Dog and a package of goodies from ALR.  At ALR industries, and High Peaks Barbell Club we party as hard as we work.ÿ Come on, all work and no play makes for boring workouts!!!  This meet is all about lifting big weights and having fun, that?s why meet promoters and High Peaks Barbell Club owners Anita and Curtis picked Halloween for this annual event.  


This meet is open to ALL not just New Mexico residents.  We don?t care if you are a raw lifter or wear triple layers, open back or close back bench shirts, we don?t complain about other organizations, we want all lifters to have a good time and accomplish their lifts because that?s what it?s all about lifting big numbers for yourself not anything else.  The camaraderie is incredible in the APF.  Lifters are here to help other lifters.  We are powerlifters; and that includes anyone who can go through the same pain, sweat and tears ? they all deserve respect.  It is a dishonor to the sport of powerlifting to not respect other powerlifters - world class or beginner, regardless of federations!  

Everything ran smooth; the judging was great, the spotters were on.  Team ?Arrogant Bastards? won the team trophy and Brodie White who weighed in a svelte 208 and came with Team Arrogant Bastards from Pueblo Colorado howled a 450-pound bench press in the open 220-pound class, and BIG David Muckel nailed the coffin with a 510 lb Bench Press in the 308 open.  Three young ladies doing their first meet ever made some impressive numbers; Anita Lopez in the Masters 45-49 group walked up on the platform completing an 80-pound raw bench press in the 114?s, and so did Jeanette Sanchez popping up a 90 pound raw bench press in the same masters group in the 123?s.  And then there was Aimee Neill?s very first meet with only one-month prep cranking out a 60-pound raw bench.  FIENDISH GHOULS, all of them. But wait, there was more bar bending attractions as Colton Bustillos blew up a 115 in the 148 Teenage, not to mention Todd Robinson coming all the way from San Jose, California too smash a 355 in the 50-54 Masters 220.  For several of these lifters it was their first meet all putting up very respectable numbers for their first time.   The crowed was great too, all yelling support to the lifters.  The meet promoters handed out Samurai swords sponsored by Titan Support Systems to our outstanding lifters.  And swag bags full of goodies from our sponsors to all lifters!  

New Mexico APF State Bench Press Records
Jeanette Sanchez: 90LB. Bench, Masters 45-49; 123 Class
Anita Lopez:  80LB. Bench, Masters 45-49; 114 Class

Anita and Curtis, who are also the American Powerlifting Federation (APF) New Mexico state chair?s want to thank all that attended and especially all the lifters who worked hard and made commitments to be here and walk the walk, we?re proud of all of you. 

A Scary Scream of Thanks to ALL our Sponsors: Bodybuilding.com, Gaspari Nutrition, Muscle Update, House of Pain, Powerliftingwatch.com, Criticalbench.com, Powerlifting USA, APT Pro Wrist Straps, Titan Support Systems, Timbridge Electric, Petals By Shay, Laguna Vista Lodge, ALR Industries, NocWarrior Bench Shirts, and High Peaks Barbell Club.  And thanks to APF secretary Amy Jackson for all your help.  We would also like to thank Sinistervisions.com and Chad Savage for the spooky design of our meet web site.  Go to www.monsterbenchbash.com  www.highpeaksbarbellclub.com or www.myspace.com/apfnewmexico for info on next year?s upcoming New Mexico APF Meets.
