The last final places were decided in the Raw race on 23.8.
The third and final Raw Power qualifier for the November final was held on Saturday 23 August. In Nääshall in Tampere. Due to the small number of participants, there were no surprises in the race, which lasted only two and a half hours. As expected, Kallinki and Salin redeemed the final places.
The squat quickly passed through the quarter with the help of three lifters. Timo Heiskanen tried to improve his raw record, but failed in his attempts at 202.5kg. The result was the first lifted 190kg. Of his 202.5kg second attempt, Heiskanen was able to lift up on his own, but the squat seems to be high when the judges raised the red spout. There would have been a good fight for victory between Kari Kalling and Toni Salin, but in this race Salin was just securing his final place and did not go to try records. For both, despite the lack of real winning struggle, the results of the hard class. Kallinki 810kg and Salin 800kg. By the way, you can say from both guys with a good conscience that the squats were definitely deep enough.


In the first round of Toni Sal 260kg. For the third attempt, this 130-kilo Kokemäkeläinen did not even use, although the second squat 280kg was not the maximum yet.
Bench press was lifted in two groups. The first group had only a series of benches of less than 105kg, of which there were seven. There were actually eight lifters, but Jani Lehtonen decided to lift in the second group as an outsider after being late in starting his own group. However, the distribution of medals in his own group would not have been affected by the fact that the medals could not be won with a result of less than 195kg. The brightest medals under 100 were awarded to Petri Hietamäki, Markku Metsälä and Karri Penttilä.
Ostrobothnian boy Hietamäki, who weighed only 87.3 kg, lifted both 200 kg with Metsälä, but Hietamäki won lighter. Markku "Iron Make", the winner of the SM and PM bodybuilding under the age of 99, Metsälä lifted 210kg in the third round, but that lifting went to the series with his own hall bench records. The character was forgotten. Under the SVNL, ninety-year 2002 silver medalist Karri Pent came in third with a result of 195kg.


Karri Penttilä on the left, Petri Hietamäki on the right
The race progressed quickly due to the small number of participants and the target schedule was less than a quarter ahead of the first group of bench press. The bench press had to be performed in such a way that after the first group was lifted, the second group came to the stage almost without a break. Due to the information interruption and the accelerated schedule, not all the lifters of the second group had had time to warm up properly before the start of their lifting, and some of the lifters of the second group had to be picked up at the competition venue. When Marko Patteri arrived on the stage last, I asked this Tampere resident with a perverted sense of humor: "Did you come in a hurry?". The radiator replied in an audible voice so that it was not unclear to anyone, "Yeah, I didn't have time to * ask!"
In the second group, powerlifters and bench men under 82.5kg and over 105kg in the series lifted. The bench championship of less than 82.5 kg went to Timo Palonen, who did well in the IPC competitions in recent years. The "pappa", who competed at 58 kg, lifted 125kg. Another five years later, the usual result for "papa" would have been 30kg better, but the bench of Pappa-Palonen, who had suffered from shoulder ailments in recent years, was now not the old model. However, the result seems to be in line with the goals, taking into account the shoulder problems and the time of the race. Matti Wallius, who weighs the same weight as Palonen, was 85kg. Attempts of 92.5kg and 95kg rose easily, but the judges said that the back of the Nokia, who was lifting with a considerable arc, did not stay on the bench.

There were three lifters over 105kg in the bench press alone. Patteri, Marko Kyrölä and Heikki Mäkinen. When he arrived at the competition venue, Heikki was going to lift the series lower, when the home scale also looked over 104 kilos, but the competition scale showed 105.6 kg. The radiator won with a result of 200kg, Kyrölä second with 190kg. Kyrölä tried 195kg a couple of times, but this time there was not enough strength. Mäkinen Heikki was third with a result of 172.5 kg. With the same result, Heikki would have been only fourth in the series.

As expected, Salin was a clearly tougher bench press than Kallink. Kallinki lifted 200kg easily and Salin equally easily lifted 240kg. Kallinki still lifted 210kg in the third, but in that lifting there was little taste of immersion and the lifting was rejected. the hall left the third company unused. 240kg was a good looking lift with a clear stop. Although Toni was in better bench condition in the December 2001 raw race, he is still not far from that condition. Maybe already in November Toni will break his own bench records.

Video: Kallinki, bench press 200kg [.avi 1,28mt]

All that was left was traction, which was quickly cleared under a quarter. The hall pulled once, Kallinki three times and Heiskanen pulled one extra bet after the third round. The hall pulled 280kg and stopped at it. Heiskanen towed up the Raw race record of 257.5kg with sumo. With the extra Heiskanen tried another 260 pounds. However, this iron did not rise from the ground more than ten cents. Kari Kallinki pulled out the first ones, 270kg. In the second 302.5kg which already ensured the victory of the race and in the last then 310kg. Kalling was lucky with this last bet when the fingers were just betraying when the judge’s down command came. The hands stayed on the bar all the way down and the judges ’white puddles rose. At the same time, Kallinki made the second toughest overall result in Raw Power Ry's race history, 810kg.

